# EDA_project
A census is the procedure of systematically acquiring and recording information about the members of a given population. The census is a special, wide-range activity, which takes place once a decade in the entire country. The purpose is to gather information about the general population, in order to present a full and reliable picture of the population in the country - its housing conditions and demographic, social and economic characteristics. The information collected includes data on age, gender, country of origin, marital status, housing conditions, marriage, education, employment, etc.

The dataset for this project has been taken from Adult Income Dataset, Kaggle.

1. Categorical Attributes of the dataset

workclass: Private, Self-emp-not-inc, Self-emp-inc, Federal-gov, Local-gov, State-gov, Without-pay, Never-worked. Individual work category education: Bachelors, Some-college, 11th, HS-grad, Prof-school, Assoc-acdm, Assoc-voc, 9th, 7th-8th, 12th, Masters, 1st-4th, 10th, Doctorate, 5th-6th, Preschool. Individual's highest education degree marital-status: Married-civ-spouse, Divorced, Never-married, Separated, Widowed, Married-spouse-absent, Married-AF-spouse. Individual marital status occupation: Tech-support, Craft-repair, Other-service, Sales, Exec-managerial, Prof-specialty, Handlers-cleaners, Machine-op-inspct, Adm-clerical, Farming-fishing, Transport-moving, Priv-house-serv, Protective-serv, Armed-Forces. Individual's occupation relationship: Wife, Own-child, Husband, Not-in-family, Other-relative, Unmarried. Individual's relation in a family race: White, Asian-Pac-Islander, Amer-Indian-Eskimo, Other, Black. Race of Individual sex: Female, Male. native-country: United-States, Cambodia, England, Puerto-Rico, Canada, Germany, Outlying-US(Guam-USVI-etc), India, Japan, Greece, South, China, Cuba, Iran, Honduras, Philippines, Italy, Poland, Jamaica, Vietnam, Mexico, Portugal, Ireland, France, Dominican-Republic, Laos, Ecuador, Taiwan, Haiti, Columbia, Hungary, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Scotland, Thailand, Yugoslavia, El-Salvador, Trinadad&Tobago, Peru, Hong, Holand-Netherlands. Individual's native country

2. Continuous Attributes of the dataset

age: continuous. Age of an individual fnlwgt: final weight, continuous. The weights on the CPS files are controlled to independent estimates of the civilian noninstitutional population of the US. These are prepared monthly for us by Population Division here at the Census Bureau. capital-gain: continuous. capital-loss: continuous. hours-per-week: continuous. Individual's working hour per week
